\documentclass{letter}

\begin{document}

{\large \textbf{\underline{Agenda for meeting on 2$^{nd}$ June, 2008 at 1500 hours}}}\\

\textbf{Attendees:} Sahil Choujar, Jian Huang (Hill), Hemant Singh, Jonathan Velasco, David Hemer, Li Jiang \& Ken S'ng Wong

\textbf{Contents:}

\begin{enumerate}
	\item Milestone 3 Progress and AR reviews (approx 20 minutes)
		\begin{itemize}
			\item Database document review (Ken)
			\item Plugin system: Daemon (Sahil \& Hemant)
			\item Plugin system: Controller and view (Ken, Jon \& Hill)
		\end{itemize}
	\item Moving forward (approx 20 minutes)
		\begin{itemize}
			\item Do we need to implement a new plugin system for unification or just extend the current plugin\_manager? 
			\item What are other things do we need to do?
		\end{itemize}
	\item Recognitions \& Opens (approx 10 minutes)
	     \begin{itemize}
	     	  \item Recognitions
		  			\begin{itemize}
	         		\item Recognitions to Hill and Sahil for their job well done. (From: Ken)
	     		\end{itemize}
		      \item Opens
		          \begin{itemize}
		              \item Is the group under-utilizing the resources with the current plan that we have? 
		          \end{itemize}
	     \end{itemize}
\end{enumerate}
 
\end{document}  