\documentclass{letter}
 
\begin{document}
 
{\large \textbf{\underline{Group 2 Meeting Minutes Taken on 26$^{th}$ May, 2008 at 1100 hours}}}\\
 
\textbf{Attendees:} Ming, Keane, Ida, Mohammad, David, Callum
 
\textbf{Absent:} Nil
 
\textbf{Next Meeting:} 2/06/2008 (Monday) @ 1100 hours
 
\textbf{Contents:}
 \textbf{Meeting Opened : 11:20 am }
\begin{enumerate}
\item Minutes Review - Available on the Git Repository
  \begin{itemize}
  \item Mohammad added David to Group 2 repository, rather then making it public.
  \item Ticket 42 is done, essentially as discussed.
  \item Some confusion as to what the Plugin Documentation was about in the previous minutes. Ming was late, we planned to ask when he arrived (note we didn't come back to this when he arrived).
  \item David - Noted that minutes were brief. Need to add an action note need to specific tasks, describing who will do them and by when.
  \end{itemize}
\item Milestone 2 Retrospective - Ticket 42
  \begin{itemize}
  \item Planning processes - David suggested an improved process for planning in
  the next milestone iteration. Including task allocation and estimated times to completion for each
  individuals allocation. Callum suggests modifying Mohammads document from
  Mileston 2 to make a template for use in each sprint. \textbf{Action: Callum}
  \item Communication. Discussion on improving the communication process. David
  suggests full group meetings may not be effective. Better to have
  representatives from each sub group attend the full group meeting.
  \item Communication. Logs. Group discusses the viability of each group member
  maintaining a log on their day to day activities wrt. to the project. Room for
  a process within sub groups and the larger group to improve process
  visibility. /textbf{Action: ??}
  \item Repository. Discussion on adding another layer to the repository
  structure in order to facilitate experimentation without as much risk to the
  group repository. NB: This came up in the full group meeting later in the day.
  Alex has already considered this. \textbf{Action: Alex}
    \end{itemize}
\item Discussion regarding the plugin system. It is suggested that one
  subgroup can be working on exploring and possibly expanding/revising the plugin
  system for several milestones. Group agrees to discuss this at the full group
  meeting later in the day. NB: It was decided that Group 3 will take up this
  task for Milestone 3. \textbf{Action: Group3}
\end{enumerate}
 
\textbf{Summary of actions:}
\begin{enumerate}
  \item Revise planning process \textbf{Action: Callum, Completion: ASAP}
  \item Improved communication process, eg logs, revision to meet
 ing structure \textbf{Action: ??, Completion: ASAP}
  \item Complete plan for Group 2, Milestone 3 \textbf{Action: Group 2,
  Completion: Tuesday 26th May 08}
\end{enumerate}
 
\textbf{Meeting closed : 12:05 pm }
\end{document} 