\documentclass{letter}

\begin{document}

{\large \textbf{\underline{Meeting Minutes Taken on 19$^{th}$ May, 2008 at 1500 hours}}}

\textbf{Attendees:} David, Ken, Hill, Hemant \& Jon 

\textbf{Excused:} Sahil 

\textbf{Next Meeting:} 26/05/2008 (Monday) @ 1500 hours 

\textbf{Contents:}

\begin{enumerate}
	\item Progress \& ARs Updates
		\begin{itemize}
			\item Database studes
				\begin{itemize}
					\item Hemant now joins Hill this tasks, and Sahil is relieved from it.  
					\item Hill explained his mistakes about the `rgt' and `lft' columns found in the `directories' table. 
						\item Hill said that he is currently looking at the usages of the tables and will have the first public draft by 23/5/2008 presented. 
				\end{itemize}
			\item Ticket 27
				\begin{itemize}
					\item NTU
				\end{itemize}
			\item Ticket 66
				\begin{itemize}
					\item Ken explained that it was completed in Milestone 1, and now is corrected and tested with no problems
						\item It was found out that the errors found during unit testing was caused by missed commits, which allowed bogus codes to be populated into the repo. 
						\item Also, rcov detected that the current unit test scripts do not cover only 2 lines of newly introduced codes. Ken explained that those two lines has a very low chance of being executed as they are only ran during the initial pass. 
				\end{itemize}
			\item Ticket 23
				\begin{itemize}
					\item Jon presented his draft of the design of how will the tagging mechanism works.
						\item An initial prototype is also presented. 
						\item A concern was raised that what Jon is doing is very similar to another subgroup's task. However, the decision is to get it done and presented on 23/5/2008 and settle the overlaps then. 
				\end{itemize} 
			\item Plans and alignments for Milestone 1 \& 2
				\begin{itemize}
					\item Ken said that all the plans and alignments are currently in the repo for anyone's perusal. 
						\item Ken briefly explained that he is currently using the plans to track the subgroup's resources and commented that so far the resources are not properly used. Moving forward, he hope to have it better planned for Milestone 3.
				\end{itemize}
		\end{itemize}
	\item Plans moving forward
		\begin{itemize}
			\item Integration testing on current worked tickets
				\begin{itemize}
					\item The group is planning to have all Tickets 27, 66 and 23 be integrated by 23/5/2008. 
					\item This should coincide with the group's full integration. 
				\end{itemize}
			\item Milestone 3 deliverables
				\begin{itemize}
					\item Not discussed due to unavailability of `pre-flight' master plan. 
						\item David suggested to have it discussed during 23/5/2008 presentation day.  
				\end{itemize}
		\end{itemize}
	\item Recognitions \& Opens
		\begin{itemize}
			\item None. 
		\end{itemize}
	\item ARs
		\begin{itemize}
			\item Jian Huang \& Hemant needs to present the first public draft of the database document. (Due: 23/05/2008)
			\item Jon to complete the first prototype of Ticket 23 (Due: 21/05/2008)
			\item Sahil to find out how to properly test ticket 27 (Due: 21/05/2008)
		\end{itemize}
\end{enumerate} 
\end{document}  