\documentclass{letter}

\begin{document}

{\large \textbf{\underline{Meeting Minutes Taken on 10$^{th}$ April, 2008 at 1400 hours}}}\\

\textbf{Attendees:} Callum, Alex, George, Ming, Filimoni, Ken, Cui, Hemant, Mohammed, Hill, Keane, Ida 

\textbf{Excused:} Jon, Sahil

\textbf{Absent:} Nil

\textbf{Next Meeting:} 28/04/2008 (Monday) @ 1400 hours

\textbf{Contents:}

\begin{enumerate}
\item Minutes on 10$^{th}$ April, 2008 Reviewed
	\begin{itemize}
	\item Subgroup Formations
	\item Ticket Allocations for Milestone 1
	\item It was agreed that each subgroup has their own meeting times to discuss about how the solutions towards the problem assigned. 
	\end{itemize}
\item Milestone 1 Progress 
	\begin{itemize}
	\item Tickets 66,75,120,127,145 are considered done
	\item Ticket 27 remains open and is being pushed into milestone 2.
	\item Discussion of Milestone 1 Presentation - Keane, Fil, Ken to present for their respective groups.
	\item Question raised about reviewing milestone 1 - decided to be done at a later date.
	\end{itemize}
\item Discussion of Reliability component of Project
	\begin{itemize}
	\item Discussion of what the task would involve - 4 questions to be completed by the group.
	\item Decision to leave this task until later following the completion of the related lecture material.
	\end{itemize}
\item Milestone 2 Planning
	\begin{itemize}
	\item General aim for completion of milestone 2 will be toward the end of semester 2.
	\item Decision to have an investigation period for the tickets.
	\item Selection of tasks for milestone 2 will be postponed until after the break.
	\end{itemize}
\item Git Repository
	\begin{itemize}
	\item Everyone has been invited to use GitHub, with no issues so far in signing up.
	\item Decision to still use the svn repository as a back-up system for the git repository (once we have a svn repostory)
	\item Structure of Repostitory
		\begin{itemize}
		\item Central Repository will be created that will pull from the Earth repository that Matthew has created.
		\item Should there be no branch or tag folders in the existing Earth repository, in our own central repository we will create those folders along with the trunk folder.
		\item Other than the branch and tag folders, the structure of the repository will remain.
		\item All staff will have their own repository that will be a copy of the central repository. Changes will be made in the local repositories, with changes being pushed only once they are completed and tested.
		\end{itemize}
	\end{itemize}
\item Information gathered from presentation on 11th of April
	\begin{itemize}
	\item Need to review milestone 1, to see what can be improved.
	\item Need to add processes for reporting new requirements and on how to close or complete existing tickets. Is some form of intermediate level of closed required before pushing the code to RSP.
	\item Fa Bu is no longer working on the project 
	\item Testing needs to be addressed, with significantly more emphasis needing to be placed on this aspect in milestone 2. A process should be put into place for testing.
	\item How is work being divided? Workload of milestone 1 doesn't seem to be spread properly.
	\item Possibility of looking at some reverse engineering of the Earth project for Design Document purposes.
	\item Subgroup meetings with lecturers to take place from May onwards, on a possibly fortnightly basis.
	\end{itemize}
\item Opens- No opens.
\end{enumerate} 
\end{document}  