\documentclass[a4paper,10pt]{article}

\begin{document}

{\large \textbf{\underline{Meeting Minutes Taken on 5 May, 2008 at 1430 hours}}}\\

\textbf{Attendees:} All but Geo and Sahil

\textbf{Next Meeting:} 
\textbf{Contents:}

\section*{Tickets}

\begin{enumerate}
\item[G1 tickets]
	\begin{description}
	 \item[Phill] \begin{description}
	               \item[Ticket 138] \begin{itemize}
	                           \item Filtering Radio view takes long
                                   \item There is an optimization done.  Need to check if it is working.  If it is fine, the ticket is old and can be closed
	                          \end{itemize}
	              \item[Ticket 146]  \begin{itemize}
	                           \item Run test before committing
	                           \item Tun test in trunk. What is trunk? is the trunk in central local machine?
	                           \item if test fail, should not allow to commit
	                           \item[David:] Make script to use existing test when committing to GIT
	                           \item[Phill:] we may have to do changes to be able to use test on GIT
	                           \item[David:] what means to run test continuesly?.  Check at the same time that we are doing changes? probably not good 
	                           \item[Alex:] Need to read more about how to use test in GIT
	                          \end{itemize}


 	              \end{description}

 	\end{description}
 	
 \item[G2 tickets]\begin{description}
                   \item[Callum] \begin{description}
                                  \item [Ticket 42]\begin{itemize}
                                            \item Search by Job Seq and Shot
                                            \item Require changes in the DAMON to add metadata
                                            \item Other tickets related to it.  May be good to group them and do them together
                                            \item It is to specific to RSP, may be better to do it more general
                                            \item Probably doable in 8 weeks
                                           \end{itemize}
                                  \item[Ticket 169]\begin{itemize}
                                             \item Plugin System File
                                             \item What do they mean?
                                             \item Turn on and off or modify the code so that works on that way?
                                             \item May take longer than 6 weeks
                                             \item Need clarification
                                             \item[David:] Make a task ``get clarification'
                                             \item [Alex:] Matt may know what they want.  Wee need to discuss with him
                                            \end{itemize}
                                  \end{description}
                   \end{description}
                                            
\item[G3 tickets]\begin{description}
              \item[Ken]\begin{description}
                         \item[Ticket s 23/40]\begin{itemize}
                                   \item 23 and 40- - support for tagging are realted
                                   \item Both use name convention
                                   \item Each directory has a friendly name
                                   \item Missing information from RSP about their file convention
                                   \item Sahil is checking with his RSP supervisor. RSP hasn't replayed
                                   \item[David:] Guess what hey want
                                   \item[Ken:] Tag is not plugin.  Other ticket is File Plugin
                                   \item[Alex:] 169-42 are related
                                   \item[Ken:] 40-169 related
                                   \item[Ming:] 40-169 have the same problem: they are unclear
                                   \item[Alex:] The point of 40-169 is just for search
                                   \item[David:] \begin{itemize}
                                                  \item tag = Database.  Database need to have its data extended to support information extracted from files.  Has to be generic
                                                  \item File Plugin  / metadata= plugin for search
                                                  \item Something goes in the meadlle attaching both
                                                 \end{itemize}
                                  \item[Alex:] File Directory ---> tag directory.  Make a table file = key
                                  \item[Ken:] \begin{itemize}
                                               \item Directory and File tables in Database have to be extended 
                                               \item We must provide support for multitaggin
                                               \end{itemize}
                                  \item[David:] Do a many-many relationship
                                  \item[David:] Organize questions for David to send it to Matt.  Matt, what happen with the tracking system?
                                  \end{itemize}
                         \item[Ticket  27] ''done`` by Sahil. Missing tests
                         \end{description}
              \end{description}
              
\item[Ming:] For next iteration (3 weeks) all but 40 and 169 needs to be investigated\begin{itemize}
                                                                                      \item 146-Testing
                                                                                      \item 138-Run performance test
                                                                                      \item 42-Daemon needs update to add metadata
                                                                                      \item 23-may be OK
                                                                                     \end{itemize}
\item[Alex:] Daemon needs to have the ability to take metadata and the Plugin will tell is exactly which data to take
\item[David:] Plugin will give the patter of what to look for
\item[Ken:] Plugins are just in fileMonitor.  Daemon may need to be redesign
\item[David:] Pick simple tasks (Dir name and File name) and collect that information
\item[David:] To much unknown \begin{itemize}
                              \item How to approach ticket
                              \item What smaller steps to write plugin
                              \item How will it be done
                              \item Need some kind of informal view of what to do
                              \item Each subgroup should work together on a ticket.  Next week = come with tasks to do the ticket?
                              \item Do throwaway prototypes to understand how to address the tickets
                             \end{itemize}
\item[Ming:]\begin{itemize}
             \item[G1]\begin{itemize}
                       \item Testing and performance from Millestone 1 (include integration) and ticket 138-146
                       \item get GIT working
                      \end{itemize}
            \item[G2]\begin{itemize}
                      \item 42 - Daemon study and look for possible ways of addressing the plugin issue
                     \end{itemize}
            \item[G3]\begin{itemize}
                      \item 42 - Design Database for ticket 23
                     \end{itemize}
            \end{itemize}
            
\item[David:]\begin{itemize}
              \item We need to come with the structure for the database
              \item ''Search'' needs to know about the database structure
              \item ``Plugin'' feed Database
              \item ``Search`` query the database
             \end{itemize}
             
\item[David:] \begin{itemize}
               \item G3 - database design
               \item G2 - Documentation for the plugin and proposal for improvement
              \end{itemize}
              
\item[Ken:] use PGAdmin to see content of schema, but earth must be installed first

\item[Alex:] Alex will study more about GIT

\end{enumerate} 


\section*{Repository GIT}
Mohammad went through the document he prepared

Leaders are \begin{itemize}
             \item G1 - Alex
             \item G2 - Mohammad
             \item G3 - Ken
            \end{itemize}
            
Master - all of the above

\begin{itemize}
 \item[Alex:] Leader will fork RSP one
 \item[Mohammad:] Each leader fork the main one and other members of group clone the group one
 \item Group leader will run tests on group repo
 \item[Alex:]\begin{itemize}
              \item do your stuff and test
              \item update group repo and test
              \item tell leader to put it on main repo and test
             \end{itemize}
\item[Alex:] we want automatic test


\item[Mohammad] is doing a live demo of GIT and it usability during next lecture
\item[Alex] will keep looking at GIT

\section*{Tentative SubG meetings}
\begin{itemize}
 \item G2 - Mon 11
 \item G3 - Mon 3 (Sahil?)
 \item G1 - ??
\end{itemize}

\item[David] SubG must agree on times and email David ASAP
\item[David] Wed 9 is to early, make it 9.30


\end{itemize}








                       

\end{document}  