\documentclass{letter}

\begin{document}

{\large \textbf{\underline{Meeting Minutes Taken on 14$^{th}$ October, 2008 at 1300 hours}}}

\textbf{Attendees:} Huang Jian, Cui, Fil, Ken, Li Jiang \& David

\textbf{Late:} Keane \& Ida

\textbf{Absent:} Mohammad

\textbf{Next Meeting:} TBD

\textbf{Contents:}

\begin{enumerate}
    \item Milestone 6 postmortem
        \begin{itemize}
            \item What have we done right?
                \begin{itemize}
                    \item Despite the cutdown on face-to-face meetings and relatively quiet activity in the Google Group, our groups seemed to have better collaboration in this sprint where members worked togather as a group, not individual. 
                \end{itemize}
            \item Rooms for improvements?
                \begin{itemize}
                    \item Some of the members do not communicate well and still work as an individual, rather as a group. This needs to be corrected in future sprints. 
                \end{itemize}
        \end{itemize}
    \item Milestone 7 planning
        \begin{itemize}
            \item Week 1: Cleaning up and documentations
                \begin{itemize}
                    \item No question about this. 
                    \item Comments from both David and Li was that we probably need to re-write certain comments to make sure future developers know what have we done, and remove unnecessary comments and artefacts. 
                \end{itemize}
            \item Week 2: Finish up leftovers from Week 1 and open up resources for integration. 
                \begin{itemize}
                    \item David: He said that we should list out what are the acceptance criteria for RSP to have the project signed off. This list of criteria will help us in knowing what and how to integrate the project. This is particularly important for the plugin group as so far they only presented the implementation and concept, but hardly any usefulness to the customer had been shown.
                \end{itemize}
            \item Week 3: Have everything finalized.
                \begin{itemize}
                    \item No comment and question about this. 
                \end{itemize}
        \end{itemize}
    \item Recognitions
        \begin{itemize}
            \item Xiaodong, Keane and Huang were recognized by Ken for a job well done on bringing the GUI plugins to life. 
            \item The rest of the group was recognized by Ken having the most collaborative sprint.
        \end{itemize}
    \item Opens
        \begin{itemize}
            \item Keane demoed the improved version of the GUI plugins architecture.
            \item David said we would want a presentation that aims at RSP and everyone should have about 2 minutes to present on the 31$^{st}$ October, 2008. 
            \item David wanted more details for Week 2. Thus, the following are the things that we will be showing to RSP:
                \begin{itemize}
                    \item File MetaData which involves GUI and Daemon plugins [Mohammad]
                    \item Daemon status (formerly known as Benchmark) which involves GUI and Daemon plugins [Fil and Cui and Keane]
                    \item Ticket 66 (aka User Usages) and Radial which involve only GUI plugins [Keane and Cui and Huang]
                    \item FileMonitor which involves only the Daemon plugin [Ken, Ida, Mohammad and Fil]
                \end{itemize}
                
                The reason for having these to be demoed is to show the synergy with both the GUI and daemon plugins and give an idea how the architecture we laid can be used. 
        \end{itemize}
\end{enumerate} 

\end{document}  