\documentclass{letter}

\begin{document}

{\large \textbf{\underline{Meeting Minutes Taken on 28$^{th}$ April, 2008 at 1400 hours}}}\\

\textbf{Attendees:} Callum, Alex, Ming, Filimoni, Ken, Cui, Hemant, Mohammed, Hill, Keane, Ida, Jon, David \& Ming 

\textbf{Excused:} Hill, George

\textbf{Late:} Sahil

\textbf{Next Meeting:} 05/05/2008 (Monday) @ 1400 hours

\textbf{Contents:}

\begin{enumerate}
	\item Minutes on 10$^{th}$ April, 2008 Reviewed
	\item Milestone 2 (M2) Planning
		\begin{itemize}
			\item Timeline
				\begin{itemize}
					\item David commented would like the sprint to be shorter.
					\begin{itemize}
						\item Consider the work hours of each members- each group has 3 MSE + 2 BE(SE) members
					\end{itemize}
					\item Ming initially suggested 6 hours due to the advice given by Matthew on the tickets picked for M2 can be challenging. 
					\item David's aim for this sprint is to get some basic functions of the tickets working rather than has nothing for 6 weeks.
					\item Ming suggested to split the tickets into smaller tasks that might take more time. 
					\item An agreement was reached by the group to have have the tickets' basics done by 25/05/2008 instead.
				\end{itemize}
			\item Tickets briefing and assignments
				\begin{itemize}
					\item Ticket 27 (MIME-type) to be completed by G3
					\item Ticket relations
						\begin{itemize}
							\item 23, 42, 40, 169: searching files using RSP conventions and file plugin
							\item 146: continuous testing on the repository
							\item 138: search filters query optimization
						\end{itemize}
					\item David: Break the tickets by functions instead. For example, one subgroup to work on the database, another subgroup to work on the search plugins. 
					\item Ming: All tickets (except 146) will need to be worked simultaneously.
					\item Alex: Have to know what is needed before splitting into tasks for groups.
					\item David: Get the Configuration Management stuffs ready
					\item Assignments:
						\begin{itemize}
							\item G1: 146, 138
							\item G2: 42, 169
							\item G3: 23, 40
						\end{itemize}
					\item Ken: Have the subgroups brief the rest of the members on the findings after the investigation
				\end{itemize}
		\end{itemize}
	\item Git
		\begin{itemize}
			\item David: NEED TO GET THIS UP ASAP!
				\begin{itemize}
					\item Possible to have a multilayered repository
					\item Each person should commit as often as one can
				\end{itemize}
			\item Git repo structure: 
				\begin{itemize}
					\item RSP/earth 
						\begin{itemize}
							\item SEGP/earth (fork)
								\begin{itemize}
									\item group1/earth (fork)
									\item group2/earth (fork)
									\item group3/earth (fork)
									\item \textsl{(Each member clones from their own respective subgroup)}
								\end{itemize}
						\end{itemize}
				\end{itemize}
			\item Alex was assigned to look into setting up git and present it on 02/05/2008 (Friday) for group consensus.
		\end{itemize}
	\item Review of M1
		\begin{itemize}
			\item Quite successful- got 5 out of 6 tickets done
			\item Lack of testing will be addressed in M2
			\item Everyone did learn something
			\item Last presentation highlighted that we are not organized
		\end{itemize}
	\item Opens
		\begin{itemize}
			\item David said the 3 other machines for the project was cloned during the meeting. 
		\end{itemize}
\end{enumerate} 
\textsl{(For audio recording of this meeting, please request from Ken.)}
\end{document}  